Fix version and repeated precheck item (#7799)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-prechecks.md

| Exceedingly Large CSV files in the data file | >= 5.3.0 | When there are CSV files larger than 10 GiB in the backup file and auto-slicing is not enabled (StrictFormat=false), it will impact the import performance. The purpose of this check is to remind you to ensure the data is in the right format and to enable auto-slicing. |
| Recovery from breakpoints | >= 5.3.0 | This check ensures that no changes are made to the source file or schema in the database during the breakpoint recovery process that would result in importing the wrong data. |
| Import into an existing table | >= 5.3.0 | When importing into an already created table, it checks, as much as possible, whether the source file matches the existing table. Check if the number of columns matches. If the source file has column names, check if the column names match. When there are default columns in the source file, it checks if the default columns have Default Value, and if they have, the check passes. |

> | Whether the target table is empty | >= 5.4.0 | TiDB Lightning automatically exits with an error if the target table is not empty. If parallel import mode is enabled (`incremental-import = true`), this check item will be skipped. |

Author: ```suggestion
| Whether the target table is empty | >= 5.3.1 | TiDB Lightning automatically exits with an error if the target table is not empty. If parallel import mode is enabled (`incremental-import = true`), this check item will be skipped. |
```
